Allow undefined parameters for findPlantById and findSeedById. (#1108)
ElektraInitiative/PermaplanT: doc/changelog.md

- _()_
- _()_
- _()_

> - Remove error messages in console if a seed wsa not foud _(Moritz)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Remove error messages in console if a seed was not found _(Moritz)_
```
